hey everybody does free one up this is
my opinion on how you can make a cool
better for super street fighter 4 but to
me Akuma in street fighter 4 he's a good
character but I don't think he's cool
like he used to be he's not that same a
same mysterious fighter that everybody
that is feared throughout the street
fighter university know and just pop up
on a character selects praying at the
top just looking down in the shadow he
ain't that Akuma no mo used to sit down
in you know it up and when at the end
then we fight bison he come down and
chop bison rah jump bounce off the
ground when he do his little Stanley
boom he dad Akuma normal you know I mean
he needs to be the Akuma the wheel and
deal and he is stealing beat him down to
the ground that he came move don't move
on a fool a cool you know and this is
how I this is what i would do to him to
uh make him better give him his first of
all give him his super air fireball that
he had on third strike yeah I always go
into 3rd strike with moves you know
third strike he had the air fireball up
if he picked his super art the fireball
you know he had them way in the air on
the ground or whatever mmm bhudev way on
the ground just though it was that was
the biggest fireball he had don't one
from there you know even that Chuck I
mean get making sub boss again like like
boss mode you know if anybody deserved
be broken is it ain't second it should
be a cooler that's broken because she
and akuma was always eating my nerves
anyway but uh yeah he deserved to be
broken because he's a cooling least he
got a reason to be broken if you made
him broke he ain't broken nose Sagat
broken but uh even though you ready
don't worry I'll get to second rest
assured I ain't done with that big
mountain of muscle yet yeah give him the
air fireball give me super hurricane key
up in the air the one he had on third
strike uh because that boy was sweet
that thing goes so high up in the areas
like a maze he ain't that boy here the
first one ended off he was the first
shot on in that way off with one of
those hard kicks at the end of the
hurricane kick you know and just knock
you back you know I'm saying the same
kick that he liked on third strike on
him ending when he kicked through that
submarine in the water bring that coming
back the suite of cooling that you just
used to beat you down we need to sit
there bara boom with that noise he's
made movie and use the top he don't talk
kuma don't talk okuma don't talk he just
woo you know it dumb Dragon Punch he'll
need to make no noise Akuma don't need
to make no noise accept that and you
know what's happening after that you on
the ground now he are strike man ah
listen to my stupid voice hey man now
what else give him his up wheels yeah he
had this assure you reptile show you
respond I want the kids you know handle
flames because he ain't got it like Kim
but he had you know the two dragon
plunge is a super no hit that what boom
boom he had that chugga don't matter he
had all three specials here ian had a
hurricane cake like right you had a
different organic but yeah he had the
fireball here and i'll type of fireballs
you know give him his meteor shower I
like that meteor shot from capcom 2 but
that's a little bit much for this game
but uh yeah given that definitely given
the show show you rip ha whatever he be
like boom boom hmm he had three of them
boy for real just like can do you know
make him sweet like he used to be and uh
also from third strike I don't know why
they didn't get this to him they need to
get him this for super street fighter
for his what is it down three times in
the punch button and when he paused the
ground
r 1 offense he put his hand up like like
oh hello shockwave come on just crush
you up man bring that special bag now
that special was sweet I don't care what
nobody say that's third strike all the
way for real trying to make the coolest
sweet you know not some old herky-jerky
okie dokie shuffle Akuma with his uh
they change up his throw his little was
a dragon plush motion kick button to
flip the UM news little grab you know he
got to flip the things taught that demon
flip for something he grabbed you flip
over it's all right but the one from
alpha he was the grabbing boom there's
slam like boom he used to grab you with
the UH what a out would have showed a
break on his knee he used to do that jug
death is hard core bring that junk back
instead of the flipping throne he was to
flip it throw I used to flip him
slamming on that knee like he's posed to
do that's a cool and that shit a cool
for you no I'm saying that I give me
high best thing about that John you know
giving that junk back make him hardcore
when you got and let him just let his
raging demon sound like he really heal i
sound like a machine gun hidden you
likee you soon awesome venue yeah when I
riddick david may just shut up and do
the raging demon just do the junk make
him make it make this sound like each
hit from the rated even post the sound
like his killing not some more wimpy hit
you know he posed to make that jug sound
sweet alpha 3 still had the hardest hit
song you know I'm saying bring that
sound bag just for coolant raging demon
if anything else all right I'm rambling
um yeah bring a cool let us he needs to
be the old mysterious boss he used to be
man the red i glowing guy you know that
ain't skin and nobody will kill you with
his fists and all kind of kicks and what
not know how much time seven
that's pretty much all but I wanted as
usual I want to hear y'all thoughts
about this how do you make it cooler
better he the one that should be broken
if anybody like I said before a cool all
the way I mean that's what I usually
don't pick him that much you know his
fireball is a all right you know but he
used to be a fireball king well he had
the real one he got the red one now I
ain't no you know whatever but it's
sweet used to be like he used to be
waste what used to be faster now he just
won another guy you know he just yeah
that's just cool that's just a coma he
got there oh yeah you know that little
top 90 had used to mean something you
know I'm saying they used to mean akuma
is about to beat you now that's what it
meant not know uh you gotta be super pro
just to use him like that well you know
you gotta be you gotta play like Edna
just to use him good not yet I felt like
that but uh yeah oh that's pretty much
it for this one just make a kuma sweet
like he used to be he won't need that
much changing he just meet me some
retuning some his moves you know and
don't give him to raising demons either
just give him something else some but
that's pretty much all I got to say
about that and I would catch y'all later
peace out